.TH "M2CAD.colour_subtraction" 3 "Tue Dec 1 2015" "Version 1.0" "M2CAD" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
M2CAD.colour_subtraction \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBmake_colour_sub\fP (Sfile, Afile, Xfile, suffixe, prefix='\&./', cuts=['0')"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "list \fBinfr\fP = cuts[0]"
.br
.RI "\fIPour simu Red levels infr = str(-0\&.1) maxr = str(0\&.6) Blue levels infb = str(-0\&.02) maxb = str(0\&.1) Green levels\&. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "list \fBmaxr\fP = cuts[1]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "list \fBinfg\fP = cuts[2]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "list \fBmaxg\fP = cuts[3]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "list \fBinfb\fP = cuts[4]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "list \fBmaxb\fP = cuts[5]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBinfrn\fP = str(\-5*sigmar)"
.br
.RI "\fIPour Refsdal 
.SH "Red levels"
.PP
\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBmaxrn\fP = str(5*sigmar)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBinfbn\fP = str(\-5*sigmab)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBmaxbn\fP = str(5*sigmab)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBinfgn\fP = str(\-5*sigmag)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "tuple \fBmaxgn\fP = str(5*sigmag)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBname_red\fP = prefix+'Red_'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBname_blue\fP = prefix+'Blue_'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBname_colour\fP = prefix+'All_'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBname_all\fP = prefix+'Res_'"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
@package M2CAD
.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def M2CAD\&.colour_subtraction\&.make_colour_sub ( Sfile,  Afile,  Xfile,  suffixe,  prefix = \fC'\&./'\fP,  cuts = \fC['0'\fP)"

.PP
.nf
 Creates colour images and visualisation of the residuals of the separation of estimated sources from a colour image.
 INPUTS:
    Sfile: name and path to a fits file with sources as estimated from M2CAD.
    Afile: name and path to a fits file with mixing coefficients as estimated from M2CAD.
    Xfile: name and path to a fits cube with original multi-band images used to feed M2CAD.
    suffixe: string that will be added at the end of the names of the png files showing the residuals.
OUTPUTS:
    none. The code writes fits files and png files with the resulting residuals:
        prefix+'Colour_images.fits'
        prefix+'Red_residuals.fits'
        prefix+'Blue_residuals.fits'
        prefix+'Colour_residuals.fits'
        prefix+'S1_'+suffixe+'.png'
        prefix+'S2_'+suffixe+'.png'
        prefix+'Red_'+suffixe+'.png'
        prefix+'Blue_'+suffixe+'.png'
        prefix+'All_'+suffixe+'.png'
        prefix+'Res_'+suffixe+'.png'
OPTIONS:
    prefix: string, location where to save fits and png files.
    cuts: colour cuts to apply to ds9 visualisation tool. cuts is an array
    with values [minR, maxR, minG, maxG, minB, maxB] where minR is the lower red cut and maxR
    is the maximum red cut (idem for Green and Blue)

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "list infr = cuts[0]"

.PP
Pour simu Red levels infr = str(-0\&.1) maxr = str(0\&.6) Blue levels infb = str(-0\&.02) maxb = str(0\&.1) Green levels\&. infg = str(-0\&.05) maxg = str(0\&.3) # Red levels infr = str(0) maxr = str(0\&.015) Blue levels infb = str(-0\&.01) maxb = str(0\&.02) Green levels
.PP
infg = str(-0\&.005) maxg = str(0\&.015) Pour Refsdal 
.SH "Red levels"
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for M2CAD from the source code\&.
